
Suggestion for paragraph 2 section 1

These problems are so bad that weather forecast models are run without convection parameterisation
as soon as the resolution is high enough to partially resolve convection; it is preferable to neglect
the unresolved contribution to convection rather than introduce large errors by a poor parameterisation
(Lean et al., 2008). The same problems occur with climate models; benchmark simulations require
vast computing resources to attain resolutions at which convection parameterisation can be switched off,
though still neglecting unresolved contributions to convection (Satoh et al., 2019).
There is a pressing need to improve the modelling
of convection to enable more accurate simulations at coarse resolution and to accurately represent
subgrid-scale convection when convection is partially resolved.



Suggestion for first paragraph of section 5.3

Existing parameterisations of entrainment and detainment, and eddy diffusive representation of
small scale turbulent fluxes, such as those used successfully in our single column modelling,
will provide a valuable starting point for the proposed work, and will mitigate much of the risk.
However, further work is needed to adapt these parameterisations for three-dimensional models,
and especially to formulate the grid-scale dependence
that will enable them to work seamlessly across the grey zone. Discovering quantitatively
and causally correct parameterisations is difficult when processes are complex, as in moist convection.
Our approach will be to build upon existing parameterisations, incorporating physical and fluid
dynamical understanding, and extending them, for example, using Assumed PDFs (APDFs) and the
theory of distributions, incorporating multi-moment information where appropriate. Important physical
and mathematical constraints on the formulation will be taken into account. Vital to this work will be
detailed diagnostics of LES data to validate proposed formulations and to motivate new ones.



Are these covered elsewhere?

We have derived the governing equations for the multi-fluid analogue of the MY hierarchy, but there remain
some key questions, which we aim to investigate. Which combination of multiple fluids and multiple moments
most efficiently describes the subgrid processes, and does the answer depend on flow regime or model resolution?
How can multi-moment information be best used to inform multi-fluid entrainment and detrainment terms?
How must tuneable coefficients in the MY system, e.g.\ in defining  the unresolved turbulent length scales, be modified
for the multi-fluid case and what is their resolution dependence across the scales (e.g. in the grey zone)?

Existing parameterisations of entrainment and detainment, and eddy diffusive representation of small scale turbulent
fluxes, will provide a valuable starting point for the proposed work, and we have had some success with them in
single column models. However, further work is needed to adapt these parameterisations for three-dimensional models,
and especially to formulate the grid-scale dependence that will enable them to work seamlessly across the grey zone.
Discovering quantitatively and causally correct parameterisations is difficult when processes are complex, as in moist
convection. Our approach will be to build upon existing parameterisations, incorporating physical and fluid dynamical
understanding, and extending them, for example, using Assumed PDFs (APDFs) and the theory of distributions, incorporating
multi-moment information where appropriate. Important physical and mathematical constraints on the formulation will
be taken into account. Vital to this work will be detailed diagnostics of LES data to validate proposed formulations
and to motivate new ones.
